There are people who say that the Great earthquake in Konkai happened suddenly.
If you say that there is a sudden earthquake, it is up to that point, but if it means that it happened without any pretense, it is not correct.
The earthquake in the Kanto region seems to have repeated four times in the past 2,000 years.
The earthquake activity in one of the circulation period is relatively quiet for the first 100 years or 200 years, depending on the previous circulation period.
In the past few decades, the entire Kanto region has been quiet for several decades, and at the same time, the Great earthquake in the narrow areas is frequent.
The Great earthquake, which is the biggest explosion in the entire Kanto region, has caused a great earthquake and reached the peak of activity.
This is why the earthquake activity is so frequent that it is not unusual.
However, the earthquake is completely different from that.
The spread of buildings that are not destroyed by earthquakes and the extreme efforts of the time, which is the great part of the earthquake, should be able to prevent it.
The recovery of the city is better than before, but we hope that the earthquake damage will not occur from the beginning and that we will not feel the need for recovery.